What is your name?
What is your quest?
What is the air speed of a swallow?
Why is it so difficult to find a list of inane questions?
Why do 24 hour, 7 days a week (Including holidays!) Super Markets have locks on their door? 
When sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their signs? 
Would a fly without wings be called a walk? 
Do blind people feel 'Love at first sight'? 
Why is the meaning of life hard to find when you have a dictionary? 
Why do we park in a driveway and drive on the parkway? 
Why is the word "abbreviation" so long?
How do you know when you have run out of invisible ink? 
Now that Microsoft is so big, should it be called Macrosoft? 
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? 
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds? 
Why is the word dictionary in the dictionary? 
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour? 
Why is it that night falls but day breaks?
Why is it you must wait until night to call it a day? 
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
If you're a kleptomaniac, is there something you can take for it? 
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done? 
Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?
Why is it that doctors call what they do "practice"?
Why doesn't the fattest man in the world become a hockey goalie? 
Why don't you ever see the headline "Psychic Wins Lottery"? 
Why is a boxing ring square?
If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry? 
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, then what happened to the rabbit? 
If space is a vacuum, who changes the bags? 
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still #2? 
Why do we sing "Take me out to the ball game," when we are already there?
Why do wise guy and wise man mean entirely different things? 
Why do you need an appointment to see a psychic? 
If I save time, when do I get it back? 
Why do we call something sent by car a shipment and something sent by ship a cargo? 
Why do we put shirts in a suitcase, and put suits in a garment bag?
Why do we say "a pair of pants" when there is only one article of clothing involved? 